hello little friends welcome to my channel
look at what cooler toy than you
I bring today one of ponies look ketchup
link you see how many things brings two ponies and
many little things to comb it and put
in the hair to make them look good
let's see what's behind to look at is
you put them here playing because that's what
what are we going to do we are going to
to put on pretty good looks and we're going to go
play with them let's open it
to look like the bros
look what a pimp brings
a pony going to a pink pony with a hair
very nice and we have several little things to
put him let's get them out of here
pink beige juani
look
with the inah the unicorn and lina
and now let's get the combs out
clips to be able to have them really good
good to look at all the things we have
we are going to
Take off the gummies that I wear
the pink and we're going to put it
well pretty
after citing it means to walk well
beautiful
yes I'm going to comb you
We are going to make a braid you want
We're going to a great date, we're going to make you
a braid several roses yes
We're going to make you look pretty for you
You can go with your lila friend to give a
ride and play
We are going to make a Band-Aid
etc
Y
and to make it look pretty we're going to
put one of these things you know
we are going to put
the Rose
It is a very nice star clip
but we put like this
and now
we tip the tail
but no
then you comb it with this comb
now let's use the rose
look how beautiful and we are going to put a
clip
this here from the rainbow look what
beautiful
we are going to put it here
i
look how pretty they have been left very
beautiful
to go out with her friend
why are we going for a walk
good and I make you look pretty like
rosita well we spend look we are going to
take advantage of this rubber that you have here for
comb it
Y
we are going to do so
and now we put a clip you want
look at this look we are going to put this
white vale
we'll see
Y
look how pretty or the league how beautiful you are
and with the tail we're going to make you another
monkey
because manila
we are going to put this clip of lilac
that she is the lilac color and that
it falls
you want me, that's why we put them
A) Yes
come back with us
and point
look what pasta you see
to the park
You do not want to take per dog for the
field
Goodbye little friends we have a good time
we see in the next video and remember if
you liked this video do not forget
subscribe to this channel bye bye
i